AI doc update - Checkbox & Radio button (#4074)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/radio-button/style.mdx

<Caption>
  Structure and spacing measurements for radio button | px | rem
</Caption>

## AI presence

> The following are the unique styles applied to the components when the AI slug
> is present. Unless specified, all other tokens in the components remain the same
> as the non-AI variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only style modification an AI variant of the radio button has is the addition of the slug. All other tokens in the component remain the same as the non-AI variants.
```

More information about designing for AI guidelines is coming soon.

| Element         | Property         | Token / Size        |
| --------------- | ---------------- | ------------------- |

> | Linear-gradient | start            | `$ai-aura-start-sm` |
> |                 | stop             | `$ai-aura-stop`     |
> | Field           | border-bottom    | `$ai-border-strong` |
> |                 | background color | `$field` \*         |
> | AI slug         | size             | mini                |

Reviewer: AI radio button does not have any of these styles. 

```suggestion
| AI slug         | size             | mini                |
```

> <Caption>

Reviewer: Remove this caption, no longer needed.
